README.md, before:

# Getting Started with AACT
Check out this repository as your first step in getting involved with AACT at the University of Washington. 

Shout out to [OreSat](http://oresat.org/) for giving us the idea of including this type of thing for students getting started. 

## Get Familiar with CubeSats
 - Read the [Wikipedia page on Cubesats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CubeSat). This is a surprisingly good summary of CubeSats.
 - Read NASA's CubeSat Launch Initiative [CubeSat 101](https://www.nasa.gov/content/cubesat-launch-initiative-resources) document.
 - CAREFULLY read the [CubeSat Design specification (CDS)](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/5418c831e4b0fa4ecac1bacd/t/56e9b62337013b6c063a655a/1458157095454/cds_rev13_final2.pdf). As we design SOC-i, we'll constantly refer to this design spec so understanding it deeply is a good idea.
 - The [Educational Launch of Nanosatellites (ELaNa)](https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/smallsats/elana/index.html) is an initiative of the NASA's Launch Services Program. ELaNa schedules and flies CubeSats that were accespted by CSLI. We haven't been manifested yet, but when we do, it'll be through ELaNa.

## Check out AACT Resources
 - [Our website](http://aact.space) has some more details on our current mission, the team, and the facilities.
 - We use GitHub to manage all of the code, CAD and tex files (among others). Here are a few good tutorials for learning how to use GitHub:
   - [GitHub's own guides](https://guides.github.com/),
   - [Tutorial to visualize branching, and more](https://learngitbranching.js.org/).
 - Written documents, such as ICDs, requirements, ConOps, etc are all located on our Google Team Drive. One of the admins can add you to this once you join.

## Join the Team
 - The best way to get involved is to start coming to shop hours in AERB 023. These are **Wednesdays and Fridays 2-5pm** each week, and is a time when there is guaranteed to be somebody in the lab working away. Come and have your questions answered, tinker with hardware, learn new things, and make progress on your satellite components!
 - If you can't make it to shop hours, send us an email at aact@uw.edu and we'll be more than happy to find a time when we can meet you and get the ball rolling.

Commit message:

update for summer shop hours

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with AACT
Check out this repository as your first step in getting involved with AACT at the University of Washington. 

Shout out to [OreSat](http://oresat.org/) for giving us the idea of including this type of thing for students getting started. 

## Get Familiar with CubeSats
 - Read the [Wikipedia page on Cubesats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CubeSat). This is a surprisingly good summary of CubeSats.
 - Read NASA's CubeSat Launch Initiative [CubeSat 101](https://www.nasa.gov/content/cubesat-launch-initiative-resources) document.
 - CAREFULLY read the [CubeSat Design specification (CDS)](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/5418c831e4b0fa4ecac1bacd/t/56e9b62337013b6c063a655a/1458157095454/cds_rev13_final2.pdf). As we design SOC-i, we'll constantly refer to this design spec so understanding it deeply is a good idea.
 - The [Educational Launch of Nanosatellites (ELaNa)](https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/smallsats/elana/index.html) is an initiative of the NASA's Launch Services Program. ELaNa schedules and flies CubeSats that were accespted by CSLI. We haven't been manifested yet, but when we do, it'll be through ELaNa.

## Check out AACT Resources
 - [Our website](http://aact.space) has some more details on our current mission, the team, and the facilities.
 - We use GitHub to manage all of the code, CAD and tex files (among others). Here are a few good tutorials for learning how to use GitHub:
   - [GitHub's own guides](https://guides.github.com/),
   - [Tutorial to visualize branching, and more](https://learngitbranching.js.org/).
 - Written documents, such as ICDs, requirements, ConOps, etc are all located on our Google Team Drive. One of the admins can add you to this once you join.

## Join the Team
 - The best way to get involved is to start coming to shop hours in AERB 023. These are **Wednesdays and Fridays 2-5pm** each week (except during summer - reach out to aact@uw.edu during the Summer quarter), and is a time when there is guaranteed to be somebody in the lab working away. Come and have your questions answered, tinker with hardware, learn new things, and make progress on your satellite components!
 - If you can't make it to shop hours, send us an email at aact@uw.edu and we'll be more than happy to find a time when we can meet you and get the ball rolling.
